[BPK-3747] Customize horizontal navigation items (#605)
Skyscanner/backpack-ios: Backpack/HorizontalNavigation/README.md

horizontalNavigation.showsSelectedBar = false
```

## Custom Horizontal Navigation Segments

> The Horizontal Navigation can use custom segments. To achieve this implement a custom type that conforms to `BPKHorizontalNavigationOptionType` and return your own view(a subclass of `UIControl` that implements the protocol `BPKHorizontalNavigationItem`) for `makeItem`. Make sure the height of your view is similar to that of those rendered when `BPKHorizontalNavigationOption` is used directly for all the sizes that the component supports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Horizontal Navigation can use custom segments. To achieve this, implement a custom type that conforms to `BPKHorizontalNavigationOptionType` and return your own view (a subclass of `UIControl` that implements the protocol `BPKHorizontalNavigationItem`) for `makeItem`. Ensure the height of your view is similar to that of those rendered when `BPKHorizontalNavigationOption` is used directly for all the sizes that the component supports.
```
